BLE: Bond Management service & sample (#2551)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/bluetooth/services/bms.rst

.. _bms_readme:

GATT Bond Management Service (BMS)
##################################

> This module implements the Bond Management Service with the corresponding set of characteristics defined in the BMS specification.

Reviewer: "BMS specification" should link to https://www.bluetooth.com/specifications/gatt/

Reviewer 2: fixed

You can configure the service to support your desired feature set of bond management operations.
All the BMS features in the "LE transport only" mode are supported:

 * delete the bond of the requesting device,

>  * delete all the bonds on the Server,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * delete all bonds on the Server,
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

>  * delete all the bonds on the Server except the one of the requesting device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * delete all bonds on the Server except the one of the requesting device.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> You can enable each feature during the module initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable each feature when initializing the module.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

Authorization
*************

You can require authorization to access each BMS feature.

> When required, the Client request to execute a bond management operation should contain the authorization code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When required, the Client's request to execute a bond management operation should contain the authorization code.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> The Server compares the code with its local version and rejects the request when the codes do not match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Server compares the code with its local version and accepts the request only if the codes match.
```
Stay positive :)

Reviewer 2: fixed

If you use at least one BMS feature that requires authorization, you need to provide a callback with comparison logic for the authorization codes.

> You can set this callback during the module initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set this callback when initializing the module.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> Bond Deletion Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting the bonds
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

********************

> The Server deletes bonding information on Client request right away when there is no active BLE connection associated with a bond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Server deletes bonding information on Client's request right away when there is no active BLE connection associated with a bond.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

Otherwise, the Server removes the bond for a given peer when it disconnects.

API documentation
*****************

> | Header file: :file:`include/bms.h`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Header file: :file:`include/bluetooth/services/bms.h`
```

Reviewer 2: fixed
